Why are you following me?
I want to see how down are the people who have been betrayed by their brothers
You Xu Ziliang knew about the priority admission
Why didn't he tell you?
That's impossible.
Why not?
He is only tenth in the insider
If I told you, guess who would fail the list?
What do you want?
The enemy of my enemy is my friend
You help me deal with Ge Yue
I'll help you kick him out of the special training class
How did it go?
So what?
Brother Ge Yue Qiyi will be mine sooner or later
The seventeen questions of Hadron are the assessment criteria
You didn't go that day.
You already know
Ah!
Wow this special training class is different
This light is comfortable
Everyone else's lights are shining below
How can this light shine on it for the first time?
You really learned physics for nothing.
Upglow forms slow reflection
The light will be more even
Our school has a lot of homework
Even if you study for a long time, you won't catch your eye
It's really suitable for learning
I'm not going to get into this with you.
I have to go first
Yoshiko, we will be in Laoqiao District from now on
pity
Hadron didn't come
Probably still angry
Or this.
My treat tonight
You two make it clear in person
At night, I'm going to help my mom
Come to see you tonight
So many years of friendship
Liang Zi is not that kind of person
Don't think too much about it.